[MUSIC].
>> Speaker 2: So you hosted the notes for
the workshop on net [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: What is that?
>> Scott Moss: Neda file?
>> Speaker 2: Do you like it?
>> Scott Moss: Where is it at?
Neda file.
Where did it go?
I don't know where it went.
This is it, yeah, okay.
I literally just found it two
days ago I was looking I was like
I need to host some static site and
I Googled and
this came up and I was because I use it
as use like firebase deployed as it's so
easy to fivers deploy I was,
it's an opportunity to find something new.
So I looked up and I saw this and
all it was drag a folder over to it and
it deployed aside two seconds.
So I used it, it was free.
I didn't have to sign up for anything.
So that's why I use it, so
I don't know how much I like it, yet
other than the fact that it definitely
uploaded to a site in two seconds yeah and
the dash for it looks really nice.
And hopefully it stays up.
Hopefully it stays up [LAUGH].
>> Speaker 2: If it gets longer,
I don't know.
>> Scott Moss: If not,
what I'll do is we could put
the URL on the readme in the repo.
It's here's the URL for
the notes, if it changes.
>> Speaker 2: I've got
1 more question here.
Abdula wants to know, what advice would
you give to beginners approaching ES6
not having much experience
with Angular either?
>> Scott Moss: Well there's ES2015
course here Front End Masters.
I actually took that one.
And that's how I got excited when I used
2015 air frost as want to strike that does
that not guys amazing.
So definitely check that
if you're in the ES 2015.
He goes in a way more depth about
everything that we talked about just
way more in-depth and then as far as
Angular there's like two approaches I
take when learning something new.
The first way is I try to go
very practical with it and
that's learn how to use it very well and
only way to do that is if you just
start building stuff with it all right.
Because if you start building something
let's say in this case Angular let's say
you start rebuilding Twitter
with Angular just the front end.
So what happen is you read a blog
post to see how to get started.
Then you'll get started and
then you ran into an error but
the error is great because that
error is gonna explain to you.
It's gonna help you format and
a very direct question on what to ask
your friend or the Internet or whatever
and you get a very specific answer back
versus how do I get started with Angular
you get a whole bunch of answers.
But if you just Googled this one error or
if you asked someone else this one error,
or if you jut read this one error
you'll get a great specific answer.
So if you just start
first you'll be great.
So I'll start building stuff,
a couple of apps here and
there until I feel like
I'm very good at using it.
Even though I don't understand
what's going on underneath it.
Once I get to that point where I'm just
comfortable as using it then I'll try go
understand it and
that started committing it.
So I go to GitHub, fork it go like
angular has a good, they do a good
job on the repo of like separating out the
issues by like how difficult they are so
you can go like pick easy ones like they
might be comments they might be whatever.
Some people even like they will open
up issues like here's a solution code.
Somebody want to paste this in.
Here's a test for it.
Somebody who wanna pay this in and
get a commit and like ook for
opportunities like that to help,
where your confidence on open source and
also understand a framework and
then if you really are up for it.
Start trying to rebuild
different components
of the framework to help you
understand it a little more.
That's gonna help you and
then start developing your own plugins for
the framework.
And then now you know how
to use it very well and
now you actually understand how it works.
So that's the approach
that I do in that order.
I don't do the how it works first,
I just get lost.
I have no context.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Scott Moss: If I try to understand how
it works.
>> Speaker 2: Have you looked at
Tero Parviainen's book,
How to build your own Angular.
>> Scott Moss: How to build
your own Angular, yeah,
that one's pretty good actually.
I read the first chapter of it, and
it actually gave me the motivation
to start rebuilding it for myself.
So yeah,
that's actually a really good book.
At least the first couple chapters
about rebuilding the scope,
that's kind of where I left off,
was actually really, really good.
So I can't recommend the books that
I've never really finished it but
I know the first those first couple
chapters were pretty exciting pretty good
really detailed on how something
it looks like magic really is it.
It's, that's that's all it does like
I don't know that until I kind of
like brought angular down a level like
yeah you're just a framework, so.
[LAUGH]
Any other questions?
>> Scott Moss: All right, if we don't have
any other questions what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna show you some cool stuff
that I wanted to show everybody that
was on my mind.
One thing was this thing called RamJet.
You've ever seen that?
Man, check this out.
Get out of here, Google.
There you go, Rich-Harris, there it is.
This was legit, especially,
if you're a big fan of animations or
material design or whatever.
So this is an animation library that
animates one element to another element.
It's pretty, pretty awesome.
So this is great for material,
because they have transitions and
their spec are supposed to work like this.
So, check this one out.
I'm trying to make the animation library
using this, but I haven't had the time.
So, this is really good.
There is a another one for SVGs.
Let me see if I can
remember the name of it.
Vivus, so
vivus is an animation library for SVGs.
I actually got to show the demo
page that's what I got to do,
it's just ridiculous.
So it was like draws
the stuff on your page.
I like different types of animations and
this is like pretty good.
It makes it pretty easy to do it too.
So yeah I realize I'm just
in love with animation so.
>> Speaker 2: So
you're gonna love Cirus course?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I'm like I can't wait for it.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah a couple months.
>> Scott Moss: I will be on.
>> Speaker 2: You'll be on?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Nice.
>> Scott Moss: I will be on.
This one's cool.
I'll post these links in the chat here.
>> Scott Moss: And then there's-
>> Speaker 2: John M was asking if
RamJet's hardware accelerated?
>> Scott Moss: Yes, it is, I hope so.
I haven't looked at the source code but
just by looking at it.
Yeah, it better be.
>> Scott Moss: The other one I
wanted to show you was dynamics,
>> Scott Moss: Dynamics.
>> Speaker 2: Rob W wants to know if
it's important to provide fallbacks for
people with JS disabled?
He heard a recent podcast
saying it was lazy not to.
>> Scott Moss: Are we talking about
animations or just in general?
>> Speaker 2: Just in general I think.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I mean if
accessibility is your thing, then yeah.
I mean like, there are times where.
So, if you're making a website.
I don't know, a blog or something.
Yeah, you should probably have it to
where it could run without JavaScript.
But if you're like making
an internal dashboard for your team.
Why they have JavaScript off?
So I guess it depends on who your audience
is or who your customer is so yeah.
I guess the rule of thumb is
if you have like a concept
heavy website like this just like
its value is it in its content?
Then yeah you should be able to interact
with its website without JavaScript but
if your website is like based off of
just interactions it's value it's like
interaction is an app it does something.
It's like a real time thing or whatever
then you probably need JavaScript so
I guess that's like my rule of thumb.
>> Speaker 2: Cool, let's see Biko are I'm
not sure I understand this question but
he's asking how do you handle template
cache invalidation server side or
does webpack do hashing filenames or?
>> Scott Moss: Yes, they do,
they hashing filenames.
Good question, so webpack handles, yeah,
that's like super advanced webpack.
We didn't talk about any of that,
but yeah.
Webpack will handle hashing
the filenames and everything.
Let me show you where it's
at in code splitting?
I'm not sure where it is
here I can look forever but
there's a there's a spot I shows you
how it handles the different hashes and
how you just set them to whatever
you want, so yeah it will do that.
Again this is the other thing dynamics.js
animation library just recently released
by this guy who works at stripe.
Who if you can look at their website
lately they have made a lot of
attention for
their pretty sweet animations.
And he just opened source animation
library that he used to create this stuff.
This is really good.
It's like physics based animation.
It's like, theory like famous,
it kind of feels like that, but
it definitely isn't the same API.
This one's pretty cool.
Other cool stuff, I can't think of
anything else that's super cool that you,
I actually have like a bookmark
that just says cool stuff but
I think it's outdated, so
I can't think of anything else.
>> Speaker 2: I have a personal question.
>> Scott Moss: Yo.
>> Speaker 2: We're kind of
deploying an architecture in-house,
where we'll be building some components
that teams will share around.
So one team might want 5 out
of 15 components we build,
another team might want a different four,
another team might want three of those or
something with some overlap.
I've been kind of debating with the junior
people I have building out our
build process, should I be
bundling up separate packages of
the components that make sense?
So maybe a blog and
blog post and add blog and
then a some other set of other
ones that have like four or
five different bundles.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Plus the aggregate set or
does it make more sense for
us to just have the aggregate set and
ship that to everyone and let them pick
and choose what they need out of it.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah I mean that's I guess
it depends on that there's a lot of
things behind that.
But I guess it depends on how you made
your component like what are you using?
Are you using angular?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
if you're using angular.
If you are really moderate with a follow
like approach like this which you could do
you could rely on my sometime
package management system right and
that way each component would know
which component it needed and
who is download it right so that when
you don't have the pre-bought of them.
You can just say I made new package.
All right, I'm making a new blog
component or a blog post component.
Actually, I'm making a new blog component,
but it needs the blog post component, too.
So, what you would do is, and
init.packaged.json you would say,
you need this as well.
So, when you npn install that blog post
or, I'm sorry, that blog component,
it would also npn install
the blog post component.
That way you don't have
to bundle it yourself.
But, then you need a private npn
register or something like that.
Or if you don't mind put the public out
there, you can put them in public, but
you know you need something like.
That way you will not have to really worry
about that, but if you didn't have that
what I would do is I would just definitely
separate all of them for sure, but
then what you would do is you would go
back in then you would be like okay.
Is there any chance that I would ever
use this component without this one.
Any chance and if there is,
keep them separate.
If there's no chance,
then bundle them keep them just like that
they're always gonna be the other and
just keeping together and
then you already separated to begin with.
So the option is there too just in case
they want to take that component and
add it to another one as well so it's
because it's always born with this one
doesn't mean it will be bundled up
with another one as well, right?
It's still one of them separately.
>> Speaker 2: One other question.
I'm on a team that's still getting very
used to these newer technologies.
So, me personally, super excited.
I would want to write you a six
code would want to use Web pack.
Do all of these really awesome
things that would make life easier.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Speaker 2: But at the same time it's
a struggle for
basic JavaScript like ES-5 concepts for
some and there's a lot of still
kind of mental churn going
on with other tooling like
basic tooling like git and
it's just I'm not really sure
whether that just kind of
how much firehose I can have them drink
fro and whether like if I can add this,
if I get away with it or if it would just-
>> Scott Moss: If it were me-
>> Speaker 2: Create three to six months
of just people not doing
anything about this.
>> Scott Moss: If it were me I
would just add it, to be honest.
They're engineers, that's their job.
They're supposed to know nothing but
figure everything out.
I would just add it [LAUGH].
>> Speaker 3: And then, Scott,
we made tests make sure that
everyone you know for me.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah exactly.
I was out because I mean if you say
that any experiences might be a great
opportunity for
them to get experience with something new.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: So
this could be a good time for the latter.
It might be a little hard at it if you
have a team full of experienced people who
don't wanna change they don't want
something new that's like no we
use this we've been using
it forever it works, right?
Whereas you are like,
okay well this is new.
So, this might be really, really good.
>> Speaker 2: And the fact that you could
just easily go ahead and add a built
system and start using ES2015 now,
without changing any of your other codes.
>> Scott Moss: It will still work fine.
That means that they can still
continue to write what they
feel comfortable writing and you could
start writing the new features now.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: All right, and
along the way, teach them and
leave them some good comments behind.
Let them know what's going on.
Or maybe update or
read me something like that.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: And eventually you know it
will happen progressively